Hello, how about, this time we're going
to install the nintendo 10 emulator
that already works at 100 in all
good androids in which I have tried
The first thing we are going to do is going to be
download the video and they are going to put these
three files to the root of your sd or if
have some this cell with the
internal storage have to go to
this memory now let's go to
emulator this one has to this
they have to
to give laws when the initial we give
in the games and then look for the rom
and whoever is in this found him
da shows the game
at
summer
all right
well that would be all I hope you
like to up
good little hand up this one that
subscribe and share this video
I am also going to leave you a page
so that several roms are downloaded
roms also compressed bands
this then that would be all under